---
title: Get Start
index: false
comment: false
next: false
editLink: false
prev: false
icon: laptop-code
category:
  - Use guide
---

## 1 Project Introduction

Zero-zero-zero empty cave automation framework is an automation framework based on `python3.10`

This project is based on image classification, template matching, OCR recognition for the overall automatic path search and event processing of the map. It does not involve the modification of any internal data of the game. **will not cause any impact on the internal data of the game**

The current goal of this project is to allow players to be liberated from the long -term empty cave material per week. It only needs to hang on the computer to automatically complete it. This project will continue to consider adding other automated operations to help players do daily custody

## 2 Script Introduction

This script is mainly suitable for **零号空洞** entrust rewards andBrushwards every Friday **零号业绩** brush

After customs clearance every Friday, you can change the script to only zero performance and get **零号业绩** then left. We are recommend to play **旧都列车·前线**, The current test is fastest

At present, the best map of script adaptability is **旧都列车**, Suggestion selection automatically **旧都列车**, Basic test of low difficulty books is okay, Swipe the entrustment for the reward and the time every Friday **零号业绩** is enough

High difficulty copy currently supports **内部** and **腹地**，Core difficult developers cannot practice enough.If the dataset is incomplete, the model recognition may have problems.

## 3 Exempt Statement

This software is an external tool designed to automate ZenlessZoneZero's gameplay. and comply with relevant laws and regulations. This package is designed to provide simplicity and user interaction with the game through features, and it is not intended to upset the balance of the game in any way or provide any unfair advantage. This package does not modify any game files or game code in any way.

This software is open source and free. It is for learning and use, and is prohibited from commercial use. The developer team has the final interpretation right of this project. All the problems generated by this software have nothing to do with the developer team. If you encounter a merchant with this software for training and charging, it may be the cost of equipment and time, and the problems and consequences have nothing to do with this software.